What is your favorite memory of May?
My favorite memory of May? My favorite memory of May of you becoming my wife.
That's a future thought, isn't it?
Yeah.
I can't think of that.
About holidays or engagements.
Oh, my favorite is to be engaged to you.
Yeah, yeah.
Last year, last December.
The 18th, 2018.
18th, yeah.
And this year coming, it'll be our anniversary.
First anniversary?
Yes.
Getting engaged.
What's your favorite memory of James Caroline?
He texted me last night and said,
Where do you want to get married?
An anniversary?
Or on holiday?
I don't know, I've got to think about it.
I haven't decided yet.
Yet, haven't I?
No, you haven't yet.
Have a good think about it.
Yeah.